updated init-containers page (#41514)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers.md

kubectl logs myapp-pod -c init-mydb      # Inspect the second init container
```

> At this point, those init containers will be waiting to discover [Services](/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/) named

Reviewer: This could be a glossary tooltip:
```suggestion
At this point, those init containers will be waiting to discover
{{< glossary_tooltip text="Services" term_id="service" >}} named
```

  have to be done by someone with root access to nodes.
* All containers in a Pod are terminated while `restartPolicy` is set to Always,
  forcing a restart, and the init container completion record has been lost due

>   to [garbage collection](/docs/concepts/architecture/garbage-collection/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to {{< glossary_tooltip text="garbage collection" term_id="garbage-collection" >}}.
```

* Read about [creating a Pod that has an init container](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-initialization/#create-a-pod-that-has-an-init-container)
* Learn how to [debug init containers](/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/debug-init-containers/)
* Read about an overview of [kubelet](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet/) and [kubectl](/docs/reference/kubectl/)

> * Let's know about [types of probes](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#types-of-probe): liveness, readiness, startup probe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Learn about the [types of probes](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#types-of-probe): liveness, readiness, startup probe.
```

Author: Incorporated all the suggestions.
